started
everyy
verry
mucch
she is a baeutiful girl.
That is her menager.
wellcome to my hous.
Excited.
It's a good thing that Fred recieved the package before he left on his trip.
There is a speling mistake.
It is unkown if it was becuse of contractal obligatins, or simply a spelling misteke.
She owes her neme to a spelling mistake.
apparant
beleive
entrepenur
lisense
privelege 
pronounciation 
seprate
tendancy
waether
wierd
He started to reed a book.
There is no more coffe.
Even after years of education, there are some things that some peple still mess.
This one tends to confuse even the best of writars.
Best selers.
The most heted article.
Back sortted.
My brother had retarned from Bombay yasterday.
He asked me to complte the work.
The book is full of valuble informetion.
The teecher asked the boy "why do you coming late everyday."?
You presed your hand on my pained shoulder.
She used to go to cherch regularly.
I prefer reading to writting.
Pramod is the taler of the two boys.
Diviede the money among the five of you.
Baseball is a very popullar game in America.
He has been ille since last Friday.
He drov very fast.
My brother told his friend that he has won fierst prize.
There was a facttory beside the school.
Please introduc me to your frinds.
One of the boys has scered good marks.
We came to a place where the road brancched into two lanes.
We discused the matter from an educational point of view.
We enjoyed waching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
We have to do something to stop this from hapening again.
We have to lern all the songs before the end of the week.
We learned about the importence of eating a healthy lunch.
We need to burn all this steff before the police get here.
We need to think about what'll hapen if we don't do that.
We should concider the problem from a child's perspective.
We spend pieles of money on the things we don't really use.
We took refege in a cave and waited for the storm to pass.
We won't have enouggh time to do that before Tom gets here.
We're going to inviete Tom and Mary to our Halloween party.
